Improve Reactive Route guide (#27765)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/reactive-routes.adoc

<3> The method gets a https://vertx.io/docs/apidocs/io/vertx/ext/web/RoutingContext.html[`RoutingContext`] as a parameter. From the `RoutingContext` you can retrieve the HTTP request (using `request()`) and write the response using `response().end(...)`.
<4> If the annotated method does not return `void` the arguments are optional.
<5> `RoutingExchange` is a convenient wrapper of `RoutingContext` which provides some useful methods.
<6> The `RoutingExchange` is used to retrieve the request query parameter `name`.

> <7> The path define a parameter `name` which can be injected inside the method parameters using the annotation `@Param`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<7> The path defines a parameter `name` which can be injected inside the method parameters using the annotation `@Param`.
```

----
<1> Each route can use different paths, methods...

> If no content-type header is set,  then we will try to use the most acceptable content type by matching the accept header with the value of the `Route` produces attribute as defined by `io.vertx.ext.web.RoutingContext.getAcceptableContentType()`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If no content-type header is set, then we will try to use the most acceptable content type by matching the accept header with the value of the `Route` produces attribute as defined by `io.vertx.ext.web.RoutingContext.getAcceptableContentType()`.
```

    // ...
}
----

> <1> If the `accept` header matches `text/html` we set the content type automatically to `text/html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> If the `accept` header matches `text/html`, we set the content type automatically to `text/html`.
```

=== Adding MicroProfile OpenAPI Annotations

You can use link:https://github.com/eclipse/microprofile-open-api[MicroProfile OpenAPI] to better document your schema, 

> by example, adding header info, or specifying the return type on `void` methods might be useful:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for instance, adding header info, or specifying the return type on `void` methods might be useful:
```
(or for example)
